To use the program, it is explained as soon as you run it, you just have to hit enter and it will display all the NHL games being played on the day that you run it. After that it will let you enter in one of the team names and will give you information on that team's standing in their conference this year. I have it so that if you enter in a team that is a valid hockey team but not playing today it will display a message saying as such. And if it is not a valid hockey team is will also display that. If the hockey team isn't a vaalid team playing today, you can keep entering in input until you enter a correct team.

Also because I don't want my API key used too much (so I don't have to pay) I created a file called api_key.py that just includes a variable called api_key that holds the value of my API key, it's just being ignored on git so that I don't expose it. So, to run this without my code, the user will have to create their own key and a file called api_key.py that does the same thing that mine does (hold their api key in a variable called api_key)

One thing that I also noticed was that the Arizona Coyotes of the NHL aren't working correctly when inputed. I checked to see what was causing this and I noticed that on the search for some reason the Coyotes have a different team id than on standings. I believe this is because the Coyotes are a newer team so they were not added into the API properly. I checked with the other teams present and there was no issue, including the Vegas Golden Knights who are also a new franchise. So, I guess it's just the Coyotes that were not inputed properly.

I created a virtual environment using venv because that was the only way my computer was allowing me to properly install pytest. So, everything that was downloaded to make this project run was: pytest and requests, which I installed on a virtual environment created with venv.