URL: https://rapidapi.com/api-sports/api/api-hockey

This API is an API all about hockey. It includes different hockey leagues around the world. To access this API you need to make an account on RapidAPI and enter a credit card, but you are only charged if you go over the maximum amount of calls per day (which is 100). It requires an API key, which you can create by subscribing to the API for free. RapidAPI has a "Code Snippets" which shows you how you need to format your API calls to get the correct information and also has "Results" that you can see when you test your endpoint. This API is useful for anyone that is interested in the world of hockey and wants to see the stats for teams laid out. It also includes bookmakes and betting, but I didn't use that part of the API

Example Endpoints:
    /games:
        - This returns a list of all the hockey games that are tracked in this API
        - There are parameters that you can add including: id of the game, date of the game, league number, season number, team number, and timezone. 
        - The id of the game is generated by the API, the date is in YYYY-MM-DD format, the league number is also generated by the API (eg. the NHL is 57), the season number is the first year of the season (eg. 23-24 season is 2023), the team number is generated by the API, and the timezones are listed in the GET Timezone call
        - To get team or league number, there is a search parameter that can be added to the leagues or teams endpoints.
        - This endpoint returns data that includes the request, the parameters, any errors, how many response there are, and all of the results. 
        - To get the results you need to convert to json with .json() and then get the response array from that. The response array is an array of dictionaries that includes information about the games (date, time, status, scores, scores per period, and much more), including more nested dictionaries. 
    
    /standings:
        -This returns a list of the standings of a league in a certain year. The parameters that are required are the league and season number. The team number, stage, and group can also be added as parameters.
        - You can use the team id from the teams dicitonary in the games response, so that information on the standings of a team that is playing today can be dispayed, which is good for checking which teams playing are in play off contention.
        - The standings returns information about the team in the context of the conference they are in within the league. For example, the Blackhawks are in the Western Conference and the Central Division, so it shows their stats in terms of the Central Division and the entire Western Conference.
        - The stats include the place they are in, wins, loses, overtime wins, overtime losses, goals, and total game points. 